docs/visualization/index.rst, before:

**********************************************************************
Visualization module 
**********************************************************************

The :mod:`meep_adjoint` package ships with a built-in visualization
module to facilitate graphical inspection of geometries and
computational results in `meep_adjoint` geometries. (A similar
module was later added to core meep.) 

More specifically,
the visualization module knows how to produce three types of plots:

    1. *Geometry plots*,
       showing the material configuration throughout the computational
       cell of the problem, the PML layers, the finite-element mesh
       used to define the basis set (for problems using a 
       :class:`FiniteElementBasis <meep_adjoint.FiniteElementBasis>`),
       and significant subregions such as source regions,
       objective regions, and the design region.

    2. *Forward field plots*, showing the results of forward timestepping
       calculations, particularly the spatial distribution of
       energy fluxes and energy densities used to compute the objective
       function :math:`f^\text{obj}`.

    3. *Adjoint derivative plots*, showing the results of adjoint
       timestepping calculations---specifically, the quantity
       :math:`\frac{\partial f^\text{obj}}{\partial \epsilon(\mathbf x)}`
       as a function of :math:`\mathbf{x}` throughout the design region.

In generating these plots,

    + *executive mode*, in which the user simply invokes the
      `visualize` method of `OptimizationProblem`---with no 
      arguments!---and the visualization module automatically
      chooses not only the best default options for the plot,
      but also *which* of the above three plots to produce,
      based on the current state of 


    + *expert mode*, in which the user configures the parameters
      to `visualize` to control the plot produced and its appearance.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Visualization in executive mode
----------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Visualization in expert mode
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

implemented autodocumentation of adjoint and visualization options

docs/visualization/index.rst, after:

**********************************************************************
Visualization module
**********************************************************************

The :mod:`meep_adjoint` package ships with a built-in visualization
module to facilitate graphical inspection of material geometries and
functional subregions (solver inputs) as well as EM field
configurations and design-function gradients (solver outputs).


A first goal of this module is to provide a go-to visualization facility
for designers to have "under their fingertips", easily remembered and
invoked at any stage of the design process to lend visual insight
into what's going on at that moment. This is realized by the `visualize`

https://meep.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Python_User_Interface/#data-visualization

More specifically,
the visualization module knows how to produce three types of plots:

    1. *Geometry plots*,
       showing the material configuration throughout the computational
       cell of the problem, the PML layers, the finite-element mesh
       used to define the basis set (for problems using a 
       :class:`FiniteElementBasis <meep_adjoint.FiniteElementBasis>`),
       and significant subregions such as source regions,
       objective regions, and the design region.

    2. *Forward field plots*, showing the results of forward timestepping
       calculations, particularly the spatial distribution of
       energy fluxes and energy densities used to compute the objective
       function :math:`f^\text{obj}`.

    3. *Adjoint derivative plots*, showing the results of adjoint
       timestepping calculations---specifically, the quantity
       :math:`\frac{\partial f^\text{obj}}{\partial \epsilon(\mathbf x)}`
       as a function of :math:`\mathbf{x}` throughout the design region.

In generating these plots,

    + *executive mode*, in which the user simply invokes the
      `visualize` method of `OptimizationProblem`---with no 
      arguments!---and the visualization module automatically
      chooses not only the best default options for the plot,
      but also *which* of the above three plots to produce,
      based on the current state of 


    + *expert mode*, in which the user configures the parameters
      to `visualize` to control the plot produced and its appearance.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Visualization in executive mode
----------------------------------------------------------------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Visualization in expert mode
----------------------------------------------------------------------
