.. include:: ../Preamble.rst

######################################################################
Configuration and customization
######################################################################
::mod:`meep_adjoint` is highly customizable, offering a large number
of user-configurable options and a convenient hierarchical framework
for setting and updating their values.

====================================================================================
What are the configurable options? How do they affect the behavior of the package?
====================================================================================
At the bottom of this page you'll find an exhaustive bleeding-edge list
autogenerated from the most recent version of the :mod:`meep_adjoint` source code,
but for starters here are some of the more useful options, categorized by the
sector of :mod:`meep_adjoint` behavior they affect:


    :Options governing FDTD calculations and simulation geometries:

        + ``res``:  Yee grid resolution
        + ``dpml``: Width of PML layers
        + ``dft_reltol``: Continue timestepping until
          frequency-domain fields have converged to within
          this relative error

    :Options governing design optimization:

        + ``element_type``: type (family and order)
          of finite-element basis function, as tabulated
          e.g. in the `FENICS documentation <FENICSFETable_>`_
          or the `periodic table of finite elements <FEMTable_>`_.

        + ``element_length``: lengthscale of finite-element discretization

        + ``alpha``: relaxation parameter for simple gradient-descent optimizer


    :Options governing console and file output:

        + ``filebase``:     base name of output files
        + ``silence_meep``: suppress :codename:meep console messages
                            during timestepping


    :Options governing graphical visualization:
        + ``latex``:        Use :math:`LaTeX` formatting for
                            graph axes and titles 

        + ``linecolor``:    Color of lines and curves (default)

        + ``src_region_linecolor``:  Color of lines and curves in plots of source regions

        + ``flux_region_linecolor``:  Color of lines and curves in plots of flux regions

        + ``flux_data_linecolor``:  Color of lines and curves in plots of flux data


======================================================================
How do I set option values?
======================================================================

For each configuration option, :mod:`meep_adjoint` consults
the following fixed sequence of 


    :1. Package-level default settings:

        Each option is assigned a (non-`None`)


    :2. Default Driver script

        The python script you write to drive your :mod:`meep_adjoint` study may optionally
        override
        custom defaults 
        override the package-level option defaults 


    :3. User-level defaults: Global configuration files:


    :4. Project-level defaults: Local configuration files:


    :5. Session-level settings: Environment variables:


    :6. Run-level settings: Command-line arguments:


    :7. Function-level settings: The optional ``options``
        parameter in API routines


======================================================================
API routines for querying current values of configuration options
======================================================================

======================================================================
Implementation
======================================================================

======================================================================
Options 
======================================================================

======================================================================

======================================================================

********************
General overview
********************

Internally, the module maintains two separate databases of option
settings: one for options that specifically affect the appearance of
visualization plots, and a second for all other options. [This is
done both **(1)** to facilitate a possible future refactoring of the adjoint
and visualization modules into separate standalone packages, and
**(2)** because the visualization module handles option settings in a
slightly more complicated way than does the adjoint module, as
discussed below.] Both databases are instances of the simple
class :class:`OptionAlmanac`, which combines the functionality
of the `configparser_` and `argparse_` modules in the python standard
library.


.. _argparse: https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#module-argparse
.. _configparser: https://docs.python.org/3/library/configparser.html?highlight=configparser#module-configparser


The hierarchy of sources for option settings
==============================================

As noted above, the module consults multiple sources---in a specific
order---for user-specified option settings; any conflicts are adjudicated in favor
of the later-encountered source, i.e. new option settings always overwrite
existing settings [1]_.

.. [1] An exception is the case in which the *type* of an option setting
is incompatible with the type of the existing option value; in this case 
the new setting is ignored with a warning and the previous option value 
retained.

More specifically, the value stored in the
internal database for a given configuration option is initialized
and then updated according to the following sequence:

1. The original default value hard-coded in the `meep_adjoint` source distribution.

2. The updated default value specified by a call to
   `meep_adjoint::set_adjoint_option_defaults()` from a user script.

3. The value specified in the `global configuration file`_, if any.

4. The value specified in the `local configuration file`_, if any.

5. The value of the option as an environment variable, if set.

6. The value of the option as a command-line argument, if specified.

.. _`global configuration file`:

    `local configuration file`_


.. _`local configuration file`:


Global and local configuration files
--------------------------------------------------

The configuration files parsed for adjoint and visualization options are as follows.

    * **Global**:    :file:`~/.meep_adjoint.rc`, :file:`~/.meep_visualization.rc`

    * **Local**:    :file:`./meep_adjoint.rc`, :file:`./meep_visualization.rc`

Note that global files lie in the user's home directory and are "dotfiles", i.e.
have filenames that begin with a period.
Local files lie in the current working directory and have the same filename
as their global counterparts, minus the leading period.


Configuration-related API routines
==============================================


********************
Adjoint options
********************

--------------------------------------------------
Options affecting :codename:meep geometries
--------------------------------------------------

**************************************************
Trying csv tables...
**************************************************

.. csv-table:: Frozen Delights!
   :header: "Treat", "Quantity", "Description"
   :widths: 15, 10, 30

   "Albatross", 2.99, "On a stick!"
   "Popcorn", 1.99, "Straight from the oven"

.. warning:: 

    This is really a very painful process.
